bio.md, before:

# Hobbies and Interests
 - my family, especially my 1 year old son.
 - computers :)
 - electronics: mostly arduino things right now.
 - industrial design
 - speed chess

# Programming Background 

  - Started programming in BASIC in the early 1980s on various machines including an Apple II and a Texas Instruments 99.  Studied Hypercard on early Macintosh versions in high school. 

  - Took a long break before trying to pick up random languages such as C++ and HTML, in the late 1990s as a hobby. 

  - Graduated 2008 with a BS in Electrical Engineering, focusing on signal processing and system engineering. Programming studies included introductory work in Java, Assembly Language in Motorola 68k and Intel IA32 architectures.  Heavy emphasis on modeling techniques for MATLAB, Simulink, LabView and SPICE. 

  - Currently working on a commandline text editor implemented in multiple languages. Currently this is C++, C, GLIB, PHP, Python, Java, and node.js.  Each of these uses the ncurses library.  The most complete so far is the C++ version, though the python version is catching up and surpassing. 

  - Was working on an AJAX text editor utilizing jQuery on a LAMP stack before starting the 1-year track of Oregon State University's CS program last September (2014).  Hoping to pick that up again this term (Winter 2015).  The difficulties so far lie in security.

Commit message:

added electronics background post college

bio.md, after:

# Hobbies and Interests
 - my family, especially my 1 year old son.
 - computers :)
 - electronics: mostly arduino things right now.
 - industrial design
 - speed chess

# Programming Background 

  - Started programming in BASIC in the early 1980s on various machines including an Apple II and a Texas Instruments 99.  Studied Hypercard on early Macintosh versions in high school. 

  - Took a long break before trying to pick up random languages such as C++ and HTML, in the late 1990s as a hobby. 

  - Graduated 2008 with a BS in Electrical Engineering, focusing on signal processing and system engineering. Programming studies included introductory work in Java, Assembly Language in Motorola 68k and Intel IA32 architectures.  Heavy emphasis on modeling techniques for MATLAB, Simulink, LabView and SPICE. 

  - Studied electronics at Mesa Community College 2009-2013.  Focused on electromechanical devices and embedded microprocessors (AVR and PICC).  

  - Currently working on a commandline text editor implemented in multiple languages. Currently this is C++, C, GLIB, PHP, Python, Java, and node.js.  Each of these uses the ncurses library.  The most complete so far is the C++ version, though the python version is catching up and surpassing. 

  - Was working on an AJAX text editor utilizing jQuery on a LAMP stack before starting the 1-year track of Oregon State University's CS program last September (2014).  Hoping to pick that up again this term (Winter 2015).  The difficulties so far lie in security.
